Name: Parkr . Full name for legal reasons Parkr Valet

I want this app do something very unique. Before you execute the plan look at my prompt and see if there is any as a human I might over looking that can make way more money and help this app be better or do better.

The application I need to be some what molded after Uber in look theme and business model when you think about it. Our concept is simple and we have a unique approach to parking. We want to make a peer to peer system where people can legally go “stand” (standing meaning that they can be in their car while holding the parking spot) hold the Parking spot until they are matched with someone on the reserver side that wants to come and get the revered parking spot.

Let me run through ways we see this happening

A customer logins in to go to downtown Dallas in the morning Monday through Thursday and they see that we have parkers already in legal public parking spaces that have a set price due to the location and relative value of the spot potentially due to the time and location, the customer can take the spot that we already had parkers in the area for as we know Downtown spots are an easy value exchange. The claim the spot and the app has prompts or a map that leads them to the spot like the uber app and then the important part is that they don’t need to chat or talk the app can confirm when they are super close to each other and the parkers can have a blue “P” sticker on their dash (blue letter “P” is our symbol similar to a general parking sport sign) and they can allow the person to get the spot.

In this illustrative scenario our parkers get downtown at 6am  and the operation is generally from 6am to 9am where they find a public space. Stand in their car and wait - when someone purchases their spot, they exchange the spot upon arrival and then hunt for a new spot. Let say the time is 7:30am or 7:45 when they release the spot they then need to search for a new spot to park and this will allow them to make more than minimum wage per hour even if just doing one spot but will allow us to have a major presence in the sense when people want to reserve in popular areas we have set pricing for the time and area similar to uber.

In the case where someone just wants us to go reserve a space for them somewhere we would just want have that same work force for example on a Friday night not only be staged in popular areas but be prepared to take a request in popular area whereas a customer comes on to the app and says reserve me a spot in a parking lot they mark on a map in an area we serve (we serve mainly the safest part and popular parts of cities- for example north Dallas suburbs) and the Parker goes to that spot to see if they can find a spot to park and reserve then the customer will be charged.

We want to make this a good trade off for all parties

For the Parker - we know that driving for uber and putting miles on their car is not good and also picking up people or food comes with risk. We want to pay them premiums as a contractor like a $7 min for potentially just holding one spot in an hour. Meaning we want to broker a deal where as we may charge $10 for a spot in one instance and the driver gets $7 for that one exchange leaving us with a small profit but also if we have them do one job and the spot is worth $25 we may Pay them $9 with a bonus if they can find a new spot to park in the approved area. And also have a gamification feel to the Parker side to where they see potions and rewards for doing numbers of spots held and getting other spots in popular areas and helping us get another customer without having to flood areas with people sitting in cars.

We want this not to be a low class way to make money or look for nice areas where people in cars are just sitting there super early to make money but we want to be respectful of areas but also be ready for high volume day time spots  (like Downtown mornings) and high volume night time spot (like popular bar areas) and have people there ready to make money but also have some that can go do a reservation.

We want it to where when the parkers are using a separate application from this one that they can see how much the spot or how much we are charging but they can see how much they will get and we can have a bonus or tip section where it shows if we or the customer is giving them more onto of what we are giving them for the spot.

Make the app simple and easy to use. Also I need my brother to be able to see this concept in a preview link even if its viewed as a webpage I need it to show us how this app will work with out having to actually make the full application and publish it.

Also this preview needs to be to be shown as the app is, its customer facing but give me a fake way I can bypass the login and get the site and see spots shown on a map in down town Dallas for a morning and then on another page so me a map of maybe legacy Plano outside of Dallas and Grandscape where there is Parking and parkers can hold spots. Make this list spot and show where they are on the map in a cool way somewhat how Uber would do it.

Also take this idea and make it a billion dollar idea to where it becomes a part of the nigh life package just like Uber became. We want people to never worry about getting a spot when they need one and not have to deal with meters of anything.

Make this look amazing and fully functional meaning no matter where I click and try to do something the app and preview is fully functional so I can sell this idea. Expand on my idea if needed and make it worth a billion dollars like Uber would do and be innovative.

Blue and white theme